# AwsConfigureIdentityIntegrationRequest


## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**Ec2Alias** | Pointer to **string** | Configure how the AWS auth method generates entity alias when using EC2 auth. Valid values are \&quot;role_id\&quot;, \&quot;instance_id\&quot;, and \&quot;image_id\&quot;. Defaults to \&quot;role_id\&quot;. | [optional] [default to "instance_id"]
**Ec2Metadata** | Pointer to **[]string** | The metadata to include on the aliases and audit logs generated by this plugin. When set to &#x27;default&#x27;, includes: account_id, auth_type. These fields are available to add: ami_id, instance_id, region. Not editing this field means the &#x27;default&#x27; fields are included. Explicitly setting this field to empty overrides the &#x27;default&#x27; and means no metadata will be included. If not using &#x27;default&#x27;, explicit fields must be sent like: &#x27;field1,field2&#x27;. | [optional] [default to ["default"]]
**IamAlias** | Pointer to **string** | Configure how the AWS auth method generates entity aliases when using IAM auth. Valid values are \&quot;role_id\&quot;, \&quot;unique_id\&quot;, and \&quot;full_arn\&quot;. Defaults to \&quot;role_id\&quot;. | [optional] [default to "unique_id"]
**IamMetadata** | Pointer to **[]string** | The metadata to include on the aliases and audit logs generated by this plugin. When set to &#x27;default&#x27;, includes: account_id, auth_type. These fields are available to add: canonical_arn, client_arn, client_user_id, inferred_aws_region, inferred_entity_id, inferred_entity_type. Not editing this field means the &#x27;default&#x27; fields are included. Explicitly setting this field to empty overrides the &#x27;default&#x27; and means no metadata will be included. If not using &#x27;default&#x27;, explicit fields must be sent like: &#x27;field1,field2&#x27;. | [optional] [default to ["default"]]





[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


