# CloudFoundryLoginRequest


## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------


**CfInstanceCert** | **string** | The full body of the file available at the CF_INSTANCE_CERT path on the CF instance. | 
**Role** | **string** | The name of the role to authenticate against. | 
**Signature** | **string** | The signature generated by the client certificate&#x27;s private key. | 
**SigningTime** | **string** | The date and time used to construct the signature. | 



## Methods


### NewCloudFoundryLoginRequest

`func NewCloudFoundryLoginRequest(cfInstanceCert string, role string, signature string, signingTime string, ) *CloudFoundryLoginRequest`

NewCloudFoundryLoginRequest instantiates a new CloudFoundryLoginRequest object
This constructor will assign default values to properties that have it defined,
and makes sure properties required by API are set, but the set of arguments
will change when the set of required properties is changed

### NewCloudFoundryLoginRequestWithDefaults

`func NewCloudFoundryLoginRequestWithDefaults() *CloudFoundryLoginRequest`

NewCloudFoundryLoginRequestWithDefaults instantiates a new CloudFoundryLoginRequest object
This constructor will only assign default values to properties that have it defined,
but it doesn't guarantee that properties required by API are set


### GetCfInstanceCert

`func (o *CloudFoundryLoginRequest) GetCfInstanceCert() string`

GetCfInstanceCert returns the CfInstanceCert field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetCfInstanceCertOk

`func (o *CloudFoundryLoginRequest) GetCfInstanceCertOk() (*string, bool)`

GetCfInstanceCertOk returns a tuple with the CfInstanceCert field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetCfInstanceCert

`func (o *CloudFoundryLoginRequest) SetCfInstanceCert(v string)`

SetCfInstanceCert sets CfInstanceCert field to given value.





### GetRole

`func (o *CloudFoundryLoginRequest) GetRole() string`

GetRole returns the Role field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetRoleOk

`func (o *CloudFoundryLoginRequest) GetRoleOk() (*string, bool)`

GetRoleOk returns a tuple with the Role field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetRole

`func (o *CloudFoundryLoginRequest) SetRole(v string)`

SetRole sets Role field to given value.





### GetSignature

`func (o *CloudFoundryLoginRequest) GetSignature() string`

GetSignature returns the Signature field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetSignatureOk

`func (o *CloudFoundryLoginRequest) GetSignatureOk() (*string, bool)`

GetSignatureOk returns a tuple with the Signature field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetSignature

`func (o *CloudFoundryLoginRequest) SetSignature(v string)`

SetSignature sets Signature field to given value.





### GetSigningTime

`func (o *CloudFoundryLoginRequest) GetSigningTime() string`

GetSigningTime returns the SigningTime field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetSigningTimeOk

`func (o *CloudFoundryLoginRequest) GetSigningTimeOk() (*string, bool)`

GetSigningTimeOk returns a tuple with the SigningTime field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetSigningTime

`func (o *CloudFoundryLoginRequest) SetSigningTime(v string)`

SetSigningTime sets SigningTime field to given value.










[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


