# GithubConfigureRequest


## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**BaseUrl** | Pointer to **string** | The API endpoint to use. Useful if you are running GitHub Enterprise or an API-compatible authentication server. | [optional] 
**MaxTtl** | Pointer to **string** | Use \&quot;token_max_ttl\&quot; instead. If this and \&quot;token_max_ttl\&quot; are both specified, only \&quot;token_max_ttl\&quot; will be used. | [optional] 
**Organization** | **string** | The organization users must be part of | 
**OrganizationId** | Pointer to **int64** | The ID of the organization users must be part of | [optional] 
**TokenBoundCidrs** | Pointer to **[]string** | Comma separated string or JSON list of CIDR blocks. If set, specifies the blocks of IP addresses which are allowed to use the generated token. | [optional] 
**TokenExplicitMaxTtl** | Pointer to **string** | If set, tokens created via this role carry an explicit maximum TTL. During renewal, the current maximum TTL values of the role and the mount are not checked for changes, and any updates to these values will have no effect on the token being renewed. | [optional] 
**TokenMaxTtl** | Pointer to **string** | The maximum lifetime of the generated token | [optional] 
**TokenNoDefaultPolicy** | Pointer to **bool** | If true, the &#x27;default&#x27; policy will not automatically be added to generated tokens | [optional] 
**TokenNumUses** | Pointer to **int32** | The maximum number of times a token may be used, a value of zero means unlimited | [optional] 
**TokenPeriod** | Pointer to **string** | If set, tokens created via this role will have no max lifetime; instead, their renewal period will be fixed to this value. This takes an integer number of seconds, or a string duration (e.g. \&quot;24h\&quot;). | [optional] 
**TokenPolicies** | Pointer to **[]string** | Comma-separated list of policies. This will apply to all tokens generated by this auth method, in addition to any policies configured for specific users/groups. | [optional] 
**TokenTtl** | Pointer to **string** | The initial ttl of the token to generate | [optional] 
**TokenType** | Pointer to **string** | The type of token to generate, service or batch | [optional] [default to "default-service"]
**Ttl** | Pointer to **string** | Use \&quot;token_ttl\&quot; instead. If this and \&quot;token_ttl\&quot; are both specified, only \&quot;token_ttl\&quot; will be used. | [optional] 





[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


