# TotpCreateKeyRequest


## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**AccountName** | Pointer to **string** | The name of the account associated with the key. Required if generate is true. | [optional] 
**Algorithm** | Pointer to **string** | The hashing algorithm used to generate the TOTP token. Options include SHA1, SHA256 and SHA512. | [optional] [default to "SHA1"]
**Digits** | Pointer to **int32** | The number of digits in the generated TOTP token. This value can either be 6 or 8. | [optional] [default to 6]
**Exported** | Pointer to **bool** | Determines if a QR code and url are returned upon generating a key. Only used if generate is true. | [optional] [default to true]
**Generate** | Pointer to **bool** | Determines if a key should be generated by Vault or if a key is being passed from another service. | [optional] [default to false]
**Issuer** | Pointer to **string** | The name of the key&#x27;s issuing organization. Required if generate is true. | [optional] 
**Key** | Pointer to **string** | The shared master key used to generate a TOTP token. Only used if generate is false. | [optional] 
**KeySize** | Pointer to **int32** | Determines the size in bytes of the generated key. Only used if generate is true. | [optional] [default to 20]
**Period** | Pointer to **int32** | The length of time used to generate a counter for the TOTP token calculation. | [optional] [default to 30]
**QrSize** | Pointer to **int32** | The pixel size of the generated square QR code. Only used if generate is true and exported is true. If this value is 0, a QR code will not be returned. | [optional] [default to 200]
**Skew** | Pointer to **int32** | The number of delay periods that are allowed when validating a TOTP token. This value can either be 0 or 1. Only used if generate is true. | [optional] [default to 1]
**Url** | Pointer to **string** | A TOTP url string containing all of the parameters for key setup. Only used if generate is false. | [optional] 



## Methods


### NewTotpCreateKeyRequest

`func NewTotpCreateKeyRequest() *TotpCreateKeyRequest`

NewTotpCreateKeyRequest instantiates a new TotpCreateKeyRequest object
This constructor will assign default values to properties that have it defined,
and makes sure properties required by API are set, but the set of arguments
will change when the set of required properties is changed

### NewTotpCreateKeyRequestWithDefaults

`func NewTotpCreateKeyRequestWithDefaults() *TotpCreateKeyRequest`

NewTotpCreateKeyRequestWithDefaults instantiates a new TotpCreateKeyRequest object
This constructor will only assign default values to properties that have it defined,
but it doesn't guarantee that properties required by API are set


### GetAccountName

`func (o *TotpCreateKeyRequest) GetAccountName() string`

GetAccountName returns the AccountName field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetAccountNameOk

`func (o *TotpCreateKeyRequest) GetAccountNameOk() (*string, bool)`

GetAccountNameOk returns a tuple with the AccountName field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetAccountName

`func (o *TotpCreateKeyRequest) SetAccountName(v string)`

SetAccountName sets AccountName field to given value.


### HasAccountName

`func (o *TotpCreateKeyRequest) HasAccountName() bool`

HasAccountName returns a boolean if a field has been set.




### GetAlgorithm

`func (o *TotpCreateKeyRequest) GetAlgorithm() string`

GetAlgorithm returns the Algorithm field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetAlgorithmOk

`func (o *TotpCreateKeyRequest) GetAlgorithmOk() (*string, bool)`

GetAlgorithmOk returns a tuple with the Algorithm field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetAlgorithm

`func (o *TotpCreateKeyRequest) SetAlgorithm(v string)`

SetAlgorithm sets Algorithm field to given value.


### HasAlgorithm

`func (o *TotpCreateKeyRequest) HasAlgorithm() bool`

HasAlgorithm returns a boolean if a field has been set.




### GetDigits

`func (o *TotpCreateKeyRequest) GetDigits() int32`

GetDigits returns the Digits field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetDigitsOk

`func (o *TotpCreateKeyRequest) GetDigitsOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetDigitsOk returns a tuple with the Digits field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetDigits

`func (o *TotpCreateKeyRequest) SetDigits(v int32)`

SetDigits sets Digits field to given value.


### HasDigits

`func (o *TotpCreateKeyRequest) HasDigits() bool`

HasDigits returns a boolean if a field has been set.




### GetExported

`func (o *TotpCreateKeyRequest) GetExported() bool`

GetExported returns the Exported field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetExportedOk

`func (o *TotpCreateKeyRequest) GetExportedOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetExportedOk returns a tuple with the Exported field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetExported

`func (o *TotpCreateKeyRequest) SetExported(v bool)`

SetExported sets Exported field to given value.


### HasExported

`func (o *TotpCreateKeyRequest) HasExported() bool`

HasExported returns a boolean if a field has been set.




### GetGenerate

`func (o *TotpCreateKeyRequest) GetGenerate() bool`

GetGenerate returns the Generate field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetGenerateOk

`func (o *TotpCreateKeyRequest) GetGenerateOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetGenerateOk returns a tuple with the Generate field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetGenerate

`func (o *TotpCreateKeyRequest) SetGenerate(v bool)`

SetGenerate sets Generate field to given value.


### HasGenerate

`func (o *TotpCreateKeyRequest) HasGenerate() bool`

HasGenerate returns a boolean if a field has been set.




### GetIssuer

`func (o *TotpCreateKeyRequest) GetIssuer() string`

GetIssuer returns the Issuer field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetIssuerOk

`func (o *TotpCreateKeyRequest) GetIssuerOk() (*string, bool)`

GetIssuerOk returns a tuple with the Issuer field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetIssuer

`func (o *TotpCreateKeyRequest) SetIssuer(v string)`

SetIssuer sets Issuer field to given value.


### HasIssuer

`func (o *TotpCreateKeyRequest) HasIssuer() bool`

HasIssuer returns a boolean if a field has been set.




### GetKey

`func (o *TotpCreateKeyRequest) GetKey() string`

GetKey returns the Key field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetKeyOk

`func (o *TotpCreateKeyRequest) GetKeyOk() (*string, bool)`

GetKeyOk returns a tuple with the Key field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetKey

`func (o *TotpCreateKeyRequest) SetKey(v string)`

SetKey sets Key field to given value.


### HasKey

`func (o *TotpCreateKeyRequest) HasKey() bool`

HasKey returns a boolean if a field has been set.




### GetKeySize

`func (o *TotpCreateKeyRequest) GetKeySize() int32`

GetKeySize returns the KeySize field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetKeySizeOk

`func (o *TotpCreateKeyRequest) GetKeySizeOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetKeySizeOk returns a tuple with the KeySize field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetKeySize

`func (o *TotpCreateKeyRequest) SetKeySize(v int32)`

SetKeySize sets KeySize field to given value.


### HasKeySize

`func (o *TotpCreateKeyRequest) HasKeySize() bool`

HasKeySize returns a boolean if a field has been set.




### GetPeriod

`func (o *TotpCreateKeyRequest) GetPeriod() int32`

GetPeriod returns the Period field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetPeriodOk

`func (o *TotpCreateKeyRequest) GetPeriodOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetPeriodOk returns a tuple with the Period field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetPeriod

`func (o *TotpCreateKeyRequest) SetPeriod(v int32)`

SetPeriod sets Period field to given value.


### HasPeriod

`func (o *TotpCreateKeyRequest) HasPeriod() bool`

HasPeriod returns a boolean if a field has been set.




### GetQrSize

`func (o *TotpCreateKeyRequest) GetQrSize() int32`

GetQrSize returns the QrSize field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetQrSizeOk

`func (o *TotpCreateKeyRequest) GetQrSizeOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetQrSizeOk returns a tuple with the QrSize field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetQrSize

`func (o *TotpCreateKeyRequest) SetQrSize(v int32)`

SetQrSize sets QrSize field to given value.


### HasQrSize

`func (o *TotpCreateKeyRequest) HasQrSize() bool`

HasQrSize returns a boolean if a field has been set.




### GetSkew

`func (o *TotpCreateKeyRequest) GetSkew() int32`

GetSkew returns the Skew field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetSkewOk

`func (o *TotpCreateKeyRequest) GetSkewOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetSkewOk returns a tuple with the Skew field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetSkew

`func (o *TotpCreateKeyRequest) SetSkew(v int32)`

SetSkew sets Skew field to given value.


### HasSkew

`func (o *TotpCreateKeyRequest) HasSkew() bool`

HasSkew returns a boolean if a field has been set.




### GetUrl

`func (o *TotpCreateKeyRequest) GetUrl() string`

GetUrl returns the Url field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetUrlOk

`func (o *TotpCreateKeyRequest) GetUrlOk() (*string, bool)`

GetUrlOk returns a tuple with the Url field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetUrl

`func (o *TotpCreateKeyRequest) SetUrl(v string)`

SetUrl sets Url field to given value.


### HasUrl

`func (o *TotpCreateKeyRequest) HasUrl() bool`

HasUrl returns a boolean if a field has been set.









[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


